Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. With integrated solutions across four key domains - telecom networks, IT, smart devices, and cloud services - we are committed to bringing digital to every person, home and organization for a fully connected, intelligent world. For further information, please visit us at
www.huawei.com
.
Product Marketing Manager (m/f/d)
Our business is growing and we are looking to expand our team with a Product Marketing Manager. We offer you a professional career in one of the leading multinational telecommunication companies with a competitive compensation starting at EUR48.000 annual gross salary, which can be higher depending on your qualifications and relevant experience. Additionally we offer fringe benefits.
Your Mission
Develop product positioning and messaging that differentiates the product in the market;
Produce product deliverables for all stakeholders to ensure consistent marketing materials, collateral, trainings, and other content;
Plan the launch of new versions and manage the cross-functional implementation of the plan;
Communicate the value proposition of the product to the sales team and develop the marketing contents that support the selling process;
Understanding market sizing and trends of various product categories and synthesize this information into actionable plans
Creating competitive product analysis to understand the market opportunity for Huawei
Help to define target audiences for new devices
Develop differentiated product value propositions
Work closely with the engineering team to drive feature prioritization and scenario planning based on customer listening systems
Assess product gaps, working with engineering, planning teams and propose mitigation plans
Work closely with the Go-To-Market and Brand teams to share the new product strategy and ensure a successful product launch
Your Profile
Bachelor or Master degree in major of Business Administration / Marketing or similar
2+ years of experience in product management or mobile product marketing roles
Experience in working with engineering and customer research teams
Highly motivated and creative team player who thrives in collaborative environments
Strong communication, project management and organizational skills.
Excellent German and English oral and written communication skills
Strong analytical and quantitative skills
Experience in performing market research and building competitive analysis.
Interested? Just get in touch.
Please send your detailed resume/CV in English via e-mail to
recruiting.austria@huawei.com
indicating your earliest start date and your salary expectations.