Vollzeit
Product Manager - Digital Lifecycle*
Elsbethen, Austria
Apply now
The Global Platforms department is our competence center for our digital consumer facing products. Whenever you interact with the Red Bull World online, you encounter our work firsthand. As Product Manager - Digital Lifecycle* you'll enable our business to continue creating industry-leading digital experiences. By taking ownership of the platform and process that connects innovative ideas to the technical eco-system of Red Bull you'll ensure user satisfaction, business efficiency and a finite lifecycle for compliant, digital properties.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Areas that play to your strengths
All the responsibilities we'll trust you with:
PRODUCT STRATEGY
In this role, you'll envision a future scenario for the efficient lifecycle and compliance management of websites, apps and games by thinking like an entrepreneur.
INITIATIVE DELIVERY
You'll develop a service platform to connect ideas to existing technical service offerings and streamline the execution of new consumer-facing digital properties. Furthermore, you'll ensure feedback and visualization of the implementation progress and a seamless lifecycle management.
STAKEHOLDER MANAGEMENT
You'll act as an interface towards communication, project management, support and engineering teams. Moreover, you'll foster efficiency by acting as a single point of contact who brings different requirement streams in line with the overall platform vision.
PROCESS MANAGEMENT
You'll design operation processes for business efficiency and security. You'll also align these processes with the main stakeholder groups and implement them in your platform.
Experience
Your areas of knowledge and expertise
That matter most for this role:
At least 3 years of work experience in digital product or project management
Experience with project management, design and product development tools
Experience in an entrepreneurial and agile spirited environment
Experience in working with facilitation platforms desired
Grit and a keen desire to initiate, drive and execute projects
Strong communication skills with the ability to adapt to different audiences
A keen awareness of Design Thinking methodologies and experience in their application
A growth mindset with a desire to improve and appreciation of feedback
University Degree in Product, Project, or Business Management, respectively relevant work experience
Fluency in English, basic understanding of German is a plus
Reisetätigkeit bis zu: 10%
JOIN THE TEAM
Got what it takes?
In your application we want to see your personal style - what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.
Apply now
*As an employer, we value diversity and support people in developing their potential and strengths, realizing their ideas and seizing opportunities. The job advertisement is aimed at all people equally, regardless of age, skin colour, religion, gender, sexual orientation or origin. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1981 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on market-oriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary.