Ich glaube daran, dass innovatives Denken die Formel zum Erfolg ist. #glaubandich
So do we.
Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.
Head of Corporate Product Development Cash Management (f/m/d)
Erste Group was founded in 1819 as the first Austrian savings bank and today it is one of the largest banking groups in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE). As an attractive employer, Erste Group offers interesting career opportunities in an international environment.
The department Digital and Open Banking Corporates and Markets is responsible for Austrian corporate digital channels and product management for corporate payments and accounts. The Head of Product Development Corporate Cash Management reports to the Head of Digital and Open Banking Corporates & Markets and leads the further development and ensures the smooth implementation, go-live and run-the-bank activities of state-of-the-art corporate cash management products. Corporate Cash Management Products include Group corporate payment products and channels as well as local Austrian corporate payment and account products. The head of unit will lead a team in Erste Group Bank and Erste Bank Österreich.
Your tasks
Drive, coordinate and ensure effective derlivery of existing and new to develop corporate cash management products and services
Position transactional business as a corporate payment service
Transform corporate cash management for the digital age by implementing and optimizing new digital payment services and channels
Develop a smart cash management product suite (group products and local products) in line with our SME or LC strategy
Act as SPOC for local Austrian open/API banking development.
Ensure corporate payments and accounts business models throughout Austria (Erste Group Bank, EBOe & savings banks)
Closely collaborate with corporate business and IT stakeholders, product management units in local entities to enable effective delivery of payments & accounts products
Ensure buy-in to ongoing implementation activities and plans from the business owners and other involved stakeholders
Ensure coordinated planning and effective prioritization of corporate cash management business initiatives
Functionally lead teams responsible for corporate cash management in Erste Group Bank and EBOe
Represent the unit in a range of internal forums.
Your background
Adequate educational and academic backgrount (e.g., university degree)
3+ years of management experience in a similar position. Experience in managing, leading and developing international teams in a challenging corporate environment. Strong general management skills are essential
5+ years of international cash management experience in delivering major transformational cash management initiatives.
Deep understanding of complex requirements of international corporate cash management channels, payments and account.
Proven track record in implementing payments & accounts products.
Strong strategic planning capabilities.
Very good knowledge of banking industry and understanding of digital trasformation trends.
The successful candidate should speek English and German fluently. Other market relevant language skills are a plus.
A strong business orentation an a proven ability to partner with line managers and operating teams in developing and advancing corporate payments & accounts products.
An effective communicator both verbally and in writing with colleagues and external partners. Able to deal with various stakeholders, understand their positions and have the capacity, confidence and credibility to influence as required. He/She will be capable of employing a 'no surprises' approach and be an advocate of open and straight forward communication
Proven ability to manage teams in a cross-entity setup
He/She will have business judgment and superior conflict management skills. An exceptional leader with a strong character and personal integrity and a motivator of people and teams
He/She should feel comfortable in an international environment and be able to engage, coach and develop key position holders and talent
A well-developed personality, with high energy and drive. Flexible in thinking and responsive to change. Outstanding interpersonal skills
Able to lead and motivate a team, influence others and able to overcome obstacles to achieve business objectives
Strong social competence/interpersonal skills who acts as a role model for the entire staff, lives the company values
Our Offer
We provide you with the opportunity to take a challenging leadership position.
We support your professional and personal development
We guarantee a competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 38.052,-- gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective Agreement
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer without regard to age, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation or national origin. We live diversity!
Interested?
We are looking forward to hearing from you!
Degree of Employment:
Full-Time
Primary Location:
Vienna
__
Online bewerben
__
Finden Sie uns auf: