Billing Expert (f/m) - External Workforce @ A1 Digital International GmbH
A1 Digital supports companies in all matters of digital transformation and guides them through the transition of their branches. Our innovative portfolio of solutions in the fields of IoT, Cloud and Security makes us the perfect partner for digital change. Based in Vienna and Munich, we constantly work on the world of tomorrow and can rely on the A1 Telekom Austria Group, one of world's largest Telco-Providers. A path which can only be travelled together - why not come along? #MakeItHappen
Job Purpose:
We are looking for a dynamic billing expert to provide profound knowledge and expertise. Be a member of a team that strives to create a culture that values engagement, performance and people growth.
What you do:
Ensure correct and complete A1 billing and billing files reporting towards relevant TA - OpCos.
Written contacts with external and internal customers for colection and billing issues.
Co-operation with other departments regarding customer needs.
Performance of collection tasks and accounts payables and receivables for A1 Digital.
What you offer:
More than 3 years experience in a relevant position in finance or technical area.
Knowledge of ERP and other relevant billing systems experience.
Basic UGB and IFRS skills.
Strong analytical skills.
Very good English language skills.
What makes you unique:
Proactive and initiative personality.
Eye for detail.
Team Player.
Stress resilience.
What we offer:
Flexible working hours, mobile working, sabbatical.
Autonomous working conditions with a lot of freedom to create.
Modern working atmosphere and centrally located office with great public transport connection.
Constant learning with many possibilities and offers.
Paid lunch break and cantina, extra holidays, employee rates and many further discounts.
Team events as well as trainings and further education.
The minimum annual gross salary for this position according to the current collective agreement is EUR EUR 35.390,32. The actual annual salary depends on your skills and experience.
We at A1 are convinced that women with their ideas and way to work are indispensable for the success of our company and culture. That's why we encourage applications from women and, on equal qualification, prefer to fill this position with a woman.
Apply Now