I believe that there are different ways to achieve a goal. #glaubandich
So do we.
Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.
Senior Brand Manager (f/m/d)
Erste Group was founded in 1819 as the first Austrian savings bank and today it is one of the largest banking groups in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE). As an attractive employer, Erste Group offers interesting career opportunities in an international environment.
Banking has a name. And we create it.
For more than 5 million customers across Europe, George stands for the digital banking experience that combines design and technology on an open platform. We achieve this by empowering people to understand, manage and, last but not least, enjoy one of their most personal things: their financial health.
Join us in our agile environment and make banking simple, intelligent and personal again!
Be in the driver seat for our Brand George!
We are hiring a Brandmanager for George responsible for the whole CEE Region. In this senior position you will create, live and permanently develop the most modern and magnetic brand in financial services.
Your tasks
consistent brand management and brand-driven, integrated steering within 7 Erste Group Countries
creating a magnetic brand in all channels
supporting both proactive and reactive communication campaigns integrated across multiple channels
developing and implementing branded content strategies aligned with the Erste Group's purpose and brand positioning
enabling creative, impactful solutions
planning and executing impactful budget and resource allocation
cooperation with key-stakeholders, eg Marketing Directors, Boardmembers etc.
based in Erste Group Headquaters Vienna; travelling activity approximately up to 40%
Your background
Minimum 5 years' relevant experience in an international, fast-paced environment be it corporation, agency or start-up; having experience in finance sector is a benefit/advantage.
having an excellent track record in brand management, developing branded content strategies and working with digital multimedia formats - this is a complex role, best suited for a professional who is creative, able to work autonomously, take decisions and drive projects
you are curious about the new environment (new technologies, digital trends, social networks, new devices ...) and able to grow passion about Erste Group brand values
you are a strong team player who can work effectively across different teams and business units to gather and craft first-rate content that makes an impact
demonstrating both strategic thinking and practical implementation skills
you are keen to join a company and a team that is recognized in the industry for delivering top-notch work and spearheading some of the most effective and innovative approaches to brand management and communication
an excellent command of English and German is a must; CEE languages would be an asset
Our Offer
a high visibility job in a dynamic regional business surrounding
operate in the most innovative, open working space in Austria at Erste Campus
support your professional growth within a team led by a manager who is committed to developing his team's skill-set and knowledge
offer trust-based working relationships
a competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - the minimum wage for this position in accordance with the respective collective agreement is EUR 38.052,-- gross per year
Interested?
Please send us your CV, cover letter and work samples
Degree of Employment:
Full-Time
Primary Location:
Vienna
__
Online bewerben
__
Finden Sie uns auf: