We are the leading insurance company in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. Our Group employs more than 25,000 people whose dedication, expertise and service-driven mentality set us apart from others. The diversity of our people plays a major part in our success. We are committed to promote
diversity
in the work environment and we are a proud employer who offers fair opportunities for everyone. Become part of our colourful team!
Enterprise Risk Management - Team Member Internal Risk Model Non-Life (all genders)
Your Tasks
Implementation and execution of the internal risk model (including Standard Formula) in the non-life area
Development and optimization of the internal model governance
Support in using the model results in the relevant business areas (Model-Use)
Review and support relevant calculation results of local VIG companies
Support for complex technical / regulatory issues, presentation of conceptual solutions
Our Offer
We are committed to being an attractive employer and offer an extensive package of
benefits
,
opportunities and various development options
We stand for reliability, based on our values, tradition and stability
We offer a pleasant working environment with a strong emphasis on teamwork
Your workplace at Vienna Insurance Group will be in the heart of Vienna and the centre of CEE
Learn more about the
department
Together with our teams in 25 countries you get to experience the diversity of VIG
According to the regulations of the Equal Treatment Act, we state the minimum wage based on the Collective Agreement, which is in a range of EUR 2 498,65 gross per month. Of course, a higher salary is commensurate with the professional experience and qualification of the chosen candidate. The remuneration package is market-compliant.
This full-time position is to be filled immediately
Your Profile
Completed studies (economics, mathematics or with a comparable quantitative /actuarial orientation)
First relevant professional experience, e.g. in risk management, consulting or the financial services sector
Actuarial knowledge in the field of non-life
Strong data and IT affinity
Teamwork and communication skills
Excellent spoken and written English skills, German and/or CEE language will be considered as a plus
Jetzt bewerben
Does this sound interesting to you?
Ms. Barbara Zierler is looking forward to your application. Further information available here:
vig.career
|
YouTube
|
LinkedIn