Part Business. Part Creative. Part Technology. One hundred percent digital.
We are pioneering a new model for a new digital world. Deloitte Digital is a unique combination of a digital agency and a consultancy under one, integrated, global practice.
We are looking for a
Senior Consultant Developer (f/m/d) Digital Core Technologies
Your Challenges:
Help deliver products and software services end-to-end
Design new features, write code to a high standard, following DevOps and Continuous Delivery principles, fix bugs and ship software to production
Help your peers and clients understand trade-offs when making technical decisions and explain why
Take ownership of a technical delivery of a feature and/or small product, while mentoring and leading junior colleagues
What you can expect:
Our projects are challenging, you are given autonomy and ability to directly and quickly impact teams and projects
We boost and steer your career with internal mobility and advanced trainings
Benefits from the experience of Deloitte, by working alongside recognized experts and advisors
Your Profile:
Hold a Computer Science related degree, MSc preferred but not required
5+ years of experience as a software engineer, designing and implementing scalable software solutions, with exposure to some of the following technologies: Linux/MacOS, Java, .NET (4 or Core), JavaScript, Python, Google Cloud Platform, Kubernetes, Docker, HTTP, Microservices & Web APIs
Deep knowledge of OO and SOLID principles and agile technical practices (e.g. CI/CD, TDD)
Experience leading other developers, ideally aiming at shipping complex software to production
Drive and determination to continually learn and develop yourself, with a passion for digital technologies
Work in our newly renovated offices at the heart of Vienna's historical and cultural centre
New Mac laptop and smartphone, with unlimited business and personal use
A 40-hour/week contract, with 25 days yearly holidays, ability to work extra time, as well as flexible working arrangements (work from home + flexible working hours)
Yearly bonuses depending on financial and personal performances
4 Euros per workday lunch allowance (voucher)
Annual gross salary from EUR 46.200,- depending on your academic background and professional experience. We offer competitive pay and a wide range of benefits.
What impact will you make?
www.deloitte.at/karriere
Key Facts
Location:
Vienna
Start:
immediately
Type of employment:
full time
Business:
Deloitte Digital
About Deloitte
Deloitte Austria is the leading professional services firm.
Approximately 1,400 employees in ten offices across Austria provide audit, tax, consulting, financial advisory and risk advisory services to public and private clients.
Your Contact
Katharina Wolf, MA
(+43/1/53700-2534)
Renngasse 1
1010 Wien
www.deloitte.at
Deloitte Digital__
Vollzeit__