Internship: Web Design, Automation and Scripting (m/f/d)
Gratkorn
Apply
NXP Semiconductors N.V.
enables secure connections for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better, and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has approximately 30,000 employees in more than 30 countries and posted revenue of $9.41 billion in 2018.
Your responsibilities:
Development of machine readable test specification language
Support design teams with simulation regression set ups
Develop automation of progress reporting
Automation of labor intensive design activities
Layout, modelling, design for tests
Your Profile:
Bachelor or Master student Electrical Engineering, Computer Science
or equivalent
Affinity for programming / scripting languages (C++, Java, Python, Tcl, Perl)
Well structured way of working
Good communication skills (German/English)
Availability: 8-10 hours/week
The minimum salary for this position is EUR 13,- gross/hour (freelance contract).
The possibility of flexible working hours is given.
We offer various kinds of student opportunities with different time periods. If you are interested to find out more, apply online and get in touch.
Please note that due to the global COVID-19 situation, the hiring process might be delayed. Our Talent Acquisition team is looking forward to receiving your application and will reach out to you as soon as possible.
Apply
PARTTIME
R-10020779
About Us
Our people are the heart and soul of our business. Their talent enables NXP to continue providing Secure Connections for a Smarter World. Helping every employee to be the best that they can be is a core part of our philosophy. This means creating the right environment for individuals to flourish, with ample opportunities for career development.