Octapharma specializes in the development of highly pure pharmaceuticals made of human blood plasma. As part of a family-owned enterprise, Octapharma in Vienna is not only the largest production site, but also a successful research location of the Octapharma Group. Since our company continues to grow, we are now hiring for our team a
Database Administrator (m/f/d)
Location:
Wien
Job Level:
Anfänger
Department:
Arzneimittelsicherheit
Working time:
Full-Time (38h/week)
Your new challenges which will inspire you:
Experience or interest in learning about validation of GxP computerized systems (e.g. GAMP, 21CFR part 11, EU-GMP Annex 11 and other regulations)
System and Application documentation
Act as or support system administrator of drug safety IT application(s)
Write, issue and review corporate SOPs and guidelines
Perform training
Communication with software suppliers and IT help desk
Participation in authority inspections
Your profile that will convince us:
Degree in Bioinformatics, or an equivalent qualification
Very good level of computer literacy, in particular deep understanding of relational database management systems
Expertise in understanding and creating SQL queries
Knowledge in Business Objects is preferred
Experience with GxP related IT projects and with Relational Database Management Systems
Document writing skills
Excellent spoken and written English
High level of accuracy with attention to detail
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Team player
Our attractive benefits for you:
Wide range of tasks in an international setting, flexibility and personal responsibility
Reliable employer with generous employee benefits and a salary customary in the market.
Familiar setting of a family-owned enterprise with benefits such as Do & Co staff restaurant, extraordinary staff events and many more:
Additional information:
The minimum gross wage according to the collective agreement (chemical industry) for your new job is EUR 3.270,89. We strive to adapt your salary to your range of tasks and to your profile, which is why we are ready to pay wages higher than collectively agreed.
We are looking forward to new, committed employees who join forces with us to promote our strong growth in order to keep enabling our patients to live a better life - because it is in our blood! Is it in your blood too? We are looking forward to receiving your application via our __
online career portal
.__
Your contact:
Mag. (FH) Charlotte Ponzer
Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges.m.b.H.
Oberlaaer Straße 235, 1100 Wien,
T: +43 (1) 610 32 - 1301
About Octapharma
As a family-owned company, Octapharma believes in investing to make a difference in people's lives and has been doing so since 1983;
because it's in our blood.
Our company values are Ownership, Integrity, Leadership, Sustainability and Entrepreneurship. In 2018, the Group achieved EUR1.8 billion in revenue, an operating income of EUR346 million and invested EUR204 million to ensure future prosperity. Octapharma employs more than 8,300 people worldwide, 1,200 of them in Vienna, to support the treatment of patients in 115 countries with products across three therapeutic areas: Haematology (coagulation disorders), Immunotherapy (immune disorders) and Critical Care.
Octapharma owns six state-of-the-art Production facilities in Austria, France, Germany, Mexico and Sweden.