Technological innovations have fundamentally changed the game. Today, our digitally savvy customers demand a premium experience across all channels and touchpoints. And that's where Erste Group's IT entities come into play. We believe that the future of banking is digital and we want to be among the creators and innovators who redefine it. We are ready to go the extra mile to wow our clients. You do too? Then hit the "apply now" button.
Solution Analyst (f/m/d)
Erste Group IT International (EG IT INT) is the IT service provider of Erste Group, supplying solutions to all entities. It provides development, implementation and integration as well as operation of group-wide solutions. Aimed at offering the best service at the best price, EG IT INT plays a key strategic role within Erste Group.
Your Tasks
You analyze and translate Business requirements into Solution requirements for the development or infrastructure team
With your knowledge of the existing Risk Parameter Modelling platform's architecture, you will be able to propose solutions to requirements
Creation of program and design documentation
Carrying out functional tests and supporting during user acceptance testing
Preparation of estimates for requirements
Executing 2nd and 3rd Level Support
You work with other software engineers, data analysts, and decision-makers, such as product owners, in an agile way to build solutions and gain novel insights
Your Background
You are an analytical thinker, who by identifying dependencies and connections within requirements, can gain an insight into the problem domain
For sometimes abstract requirements you can propose practical solutions
You are self-driven, solution-oriented
You have good communication skills and are working well in and with team
You are methodical and structured in your work approach
Ideally, you have worked in this role in a Financial Institution in the Risk Modelling area before
You have an appreciation of the main technologies used in the Risk Modelling Platform (SAS, Hadoop, Hive, Spark)
You have worked with Software Development and Infrastructure teams before
You want to understand, how things really work - you won't rest, until you can prove something and explain it in layman's terms
Our Offer
We offer a very diverse job in an interesting and dynamic field with excellent perspectives, the chance to participate in a growing business area of Erste Group and to take over responsibility for defined challenging group-wide projects. We provide you the opportunity to work with a motivated, ambitious multi-national team and to cooperate with many colleagues, functions and units across the Erste Group in our region.
A competitive and performance-related salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications is granted - the minimum wage for this position in accordance with the respective collective agreement is EUR 42-672,-- gross per year
Erste Group considers the diversity of its employees as key to innovation and success. As employer we are proud to offer everyone equal chances, irrespective of age, skin colour, religious belief, gender, sexual orientation or origin
Discover and enjoy the
benefits
of Erste Group
Interested?
We are looking forward to fill the position at the earliest possible date - apply now!
#believeinyourself
Applications will be treated strictly confidential!
Degree of Employment:
Full-Time
Primary Location:
Vienna
__
Online bewerben
__
Follow us on: