Software Quality Assurance Expert (m/f/d)
Reference nr.:
16570/001
Location:
Vienna
Contract type:
Permanent
About Our Client
A striving, agile & international software company in Vienna that stands behind its team 100%.
Job Description
We are looking for a Quality Assurance (QA) engineer to plan, develop, execute and automate tests to ensure product quality. QA engineer responsibilities include designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions. The QA Engineer will also review system requirements and track quality assurance metrics (e.g. defect densities and open defect counts.) The QA Engineer will work on multiple projects in a Scrum based agile team and be responsible for supporting the planning, design and execution of system testing. The ideal candidate is motivated and passionate about being part of a solution and delivering a high-quality user experience.
Create test cases and test data
Document test results
Verify test results match expected results
Ensure communication of test results and status to project stakeholders
Identify high risk areas and focus test efforts accordingly
Identify and recommend competitive features and software improvements
Document software release information for other departments
Troubleshoot issues found in the field
The Successful Applicant
Experience with Agile development methodologies
Minimum 2 years manual software testing experience
Strong technical troubleshooting skills and attention to detail
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience performing manual testing
Capability to work independently, but also work well in a team environment
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously with limited supervision
Ability to learn quickly and contribute immediately
Sound independent judgment
Strong record of academic and professional success
What`s on Offer
Excellent salary
The opportunity to have a real impact
A great environment: the team is sociable, diverse, and most of all, welcoming
A great space to work: new office space comes with free breakfast, fruit, as well as fun team events
Flexible working hours and remote access
Contact
We are looking forward to receiving your application stating your salary expectations as well as the reference number 16570/001. Your application will be forwarded to the consultant in charge. Please note: We are accepting online applications only in order to ensure a fast processing.