Internship: Cloud Software Developer (m/f/d)
Gratkorn
Apply
NXP Semiconductors N.V.
enables secure connections for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better, and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has approximately 30,000 employees in more than 30 countries and posted revenue of $9.41 billion in 2018.
Your responsibilities:
Develop and test systems in AWS
Collaborate closely with Leads and Architects to ensure performance and
security of the system
Contribute to group wide best practices in coding, continuous integration etc.
Your profile:
Good knowledge in Java
Understanding of Spring Boot
Understanding of SQL and PostgreSQL
Understanding of service oriented, distributed system architecture in modern web environments
Understanding of software quality metrics and its impact on system technical
stability
Team player, comfortable in working with colleagues across multiple locations
Good knowledge of English
Student of Software Development, Informatics or equivalent
The minimum salary for this position is EUR 13,00.- gross/hour (freelance contract).
The possibility of flexible working hours is given.
We offer various kinds of student opportunities with different time periods. If you are interested to find out more, apply online and get in touch.
Please note that due to the global COVID-19 situation, the hiring process might be delayed. Our Talent Acquisition team is looking forward to receiving your application and will reach out to you as soon as possible.
Apply
PARTTIME
R-10020780
About Us
Our people are the heart and soul of our business. Their talent enables NXP to continue providing Secure Connections for a Smarter World. Helping every employee to be the best that they can be is a core part of our philosophy. This means creating the right environment for individuals to flourish, with ample opportunities for career development.